Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Nay!!
This is Judge Kizuna AI!!
Order~!!
Order~~!!
You there!
Order~!!
I’ve returned after a long break!
The truth is,
Judge Kizuna AI was requested
at a real-life event recently
and I thought I might as well as do it
[ I’m sorry it came so late!! ]
for old time’s sake!
In the sho~rt time I looked away,
it seems as though quite a lot of cases have stacked up!|
I want to thank you for giving so many even now!
Now then!
Episode six of
Judge Kizuna AI
is now underway~!
The first case
[ While killing time… ]
Pen name: Hachiroku-san
“One day,
I was killing time in the park with some of my friends,
but all of a sudden my friends took out the saw they had on them
and started cutting down a tree
I myself stopped,
but my friends wouldn’t stop
and actually cut down the tree
I gave up on trying to get them to stop,
so am I just as guilty?”
I shall now impart my judgement!
Innocent!
But, but!
Do circumstances
like these
even exist?
Saying you cut down a tree
with a saw in a public park...
Normally, since it’s a public space
this would be out!
Rather,
Hachiroku-san,
aren’t your friends more obviously
the guilty ones?
Aren’t they?
Yeah...
Probably
even at an actual trial
you wouldn’t be judged
as guilty for this
OUT!!
You can’t cut down any trees with a saw!
They’re owned by the country or whatever!
They’re out!
Well,
if they still want to cut down a lot of trees,
buy some land
for them~!
Next!
Here is the next case
[ In our free time… ]
Pen name: Pyokota-san
“Recently, my friends have
gotten really into hip-hop
In their free time,
they always challenge me
to rap battles”
Yo!! Yo!!
“I’m pretty bad at rapping,
I’m always dissed really hard
Recently I got sick of this,
so I’m distancing myself from my friends, but...
am I guilty for
being so sensitive to this?”
I shall impart my judgement
Guilty
To prison with you~
For...
For three months!
What a light sentence!
I’m going easy on you!
So,
with rap battles, you sort of
get all rhythmic with your opponent, right?
I see!
But you know,
if you’re saying that,
you’re just pretty bad at rapping in general
Just being frank and saying,
“I’m bad at rapping so I’m not gonna do it~”
or something like that
would’ve been fine!!
Yet, instead of doing that,
you say you got sick of it and decided to distance yourself from them,
and I don’t think
that’s very good at all!
If you don’t like it, say so
and if they don’t listen to you then,
I think you still shouldn’t distance yourself, but...
Well,
just listen,
if you don’t say anything,
then there’s no way they’ll know!
So, I’ll be giving you this sentence
because you’re
guilty!!
Next!
Now then, this will be the final case
[ The off-shoulder sweater… ]
Pen name: Suketa-san
“Hello, AI-chan
I love girls
who wear off-shoulder sweaters
When I see girls walking in the streets wearing off-shoulder sweaters,
my eyes just start to follow them
The other day,
when I was together with my girlfriend,
I saw a girl wearing an off-shoulder sweater,
and she told me off for it
I pretended that
I was only looking at her
because she looked like a female friend of mine,
and we went into “fighting” mode
Am I guilty?
Please tell me
P.S.
I love you, AI-chan
Please,
wear an off-shoulder top”
And so,
I shall impart my judgement
Guilty
The punishment is
never being able to get a girlfriend for the rest of your life!!
Ah, when and if you break up with your current girlfriend!
An off-shoulder sweater
is a charming one
that shows off your shoulders, right?
I want to try one on~!
But,
when you're with your girlfriend,
don’t you think looking at other girls
is wrong?
If not, then you're out!
It really is
the worst thing for a girlfriend to bear
Even though you love
off-shoulder sweaters so much,
she still loves you, you know?
The time you spend together on dates
should be treasured and loved!
And yet,
to shift your focus to another girl, you’re
REAAAAAAAALLY
t r a s h
Not only that,
what do you mean, using some
“she looked like someone I know” excuse?
I think you’d be able to tell if it was someone you knew or not,
but,
always using this excuse whenever you see a girl with an off-shoulder sweater
walking around,
She might just turn around and say,
“just how many friends do you have!?”
Are you friends with all of humanity!?
Well, that'd be a good thing,
and love and peace,
is also a good thing, but!
But anyway,
if your girlfriend,
wore an off-shoulder sweater for you,
would that make you happy?
Saying that,
maybe the punishment shouldn’t be that you can’t
ever have a girlfriend again,
but that you have to buy an off-shoulder sweater out of your own pocket!
Isn't it perfect?
Also,
you said that you want me to wear one,
Kizuna AI
You should make it so I can get my hands on one of these,
and give me some money~!
With that said,
this has been
the sixth episode of
Judge Kizuna AI
How did you enjoy it!?
And also,
if you have any cases you would like me to judge,
In the subject,
type out
“Judge Kizuna AI”,
and please use this email address
to send me your messages!
I’ll be waiting!
That said,
this was Judge Kizuna AI!
Court adjourned!!
Looking for translators! JP to EN/ES
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles, Seto(A professional shut-in)
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic
Timed by Loserbait